Opt in to trailing slash 307 redirect. Opt out of 405 logic. (#746)
rstudio/plumber: NEWS.md

* When plumbing a Plumber file and using a Plumber router modifier (`#* @plumber`), an error will be thrown if the original router is not returned. (#738)

* `options_plumber()` now requires that all options are named. If no option name is provided, an error with be thrown. (#746)

### New features

> * Added option `plumber.redirect`. This option (which is **disabled** by default) allows routes to be redirected to route definitions with a trailing slash. For example, if a `GET` request is submitted to `/test?a=1` with no `/test` route is defined, but a `GET` `/test/` route definition does exist, then the original request will respond with a `307` to reattempt against `GET` `/test/?a=1`. This option will be _enabled_ by default in a future release. This logic executed for before calling the `404` handler. (#746)
> 
> * Added option `plumber.allowMethods`. This option (which is enabled by default) allows for a status of `405` to be returned if an invalid method is used when requesting a valid route. This logic executed for before calling the default `404` handler. (#746)

Author: ```suggestion
* Added option `plumber.trailingSlash`. This option (which is **disabled** by default) allows routes to be redirected to route definitions with a trailing slash. For example, if a `GET` request is submitted to `/test?a=1` with no `/test` route is defined, but a `GET` `/test/` route definition does exist, then the original request will respond with a `307` to reattempt against `GET` `/test/?a=1`. This option will be _enabled_ by default in a future release. This logic executed for before calling the `404` handler. (#746)

* Added option `plumber.methodNotFound`. This option (which is enabled by default) allows for a status of `405` to be returned if an invalid method is used when requesting a valid route. This logic executed for before calling the default `404` handler. (#746)
```
